Clarifications for storage retention, billing, and the free plan (#10579)
circleci/circleci-docs: docs/guides/modules/ROOT/partials/faq/billing-faq-snip.adoc

To calculate monthly storage costs from your daily usage, select the *Storage* tab to see if your organization has accrued any overages beyond the GB-monthly allotment. Your overage (GB-Months/TB-Months) can be multiplied by 420 credits to estimate the total monthly costs. Example: 2 GB-Months overage x 420 credits = 840 credits ($0.50).

> Storage usage is calculated once, at the moment an artifact, workspace, or cache is saved, rather than accrued day by day while it remains in storage. CircleCI multiplies the object's size by its configured retention period to get its total GB-months (or TB-months), and adds that amount to your storage usage for the billing period in which it was saved.

Reviewer: GB-days here as well

> Storage usage is calculated once, at the moment an artifact, workspace, or cache is saved, rather than accrued day by day while it remains in storage. CircleCI multiplies the object's size by its configured retention period to get its total GB-months (or TB-months), and adds that amount to your storage usage for the billing period in which it was saved.

Author: ```suggestion
Storage usage is calculated once, at the moment an artifact, workspace, or cache is saved, rather than accrued day by day while it remains in storage. CircleCI multiplies the object's size by its configured retention period to get its total GB-days, and adds that amount to your storage usage for the billing period in which it was saved.
```
